Ability to configure min frames for zone presence (#6680)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/index.md

        # Required: List of x,y coordinates to define the polygon of the zone.
        # NOTE: Presence in a zone is evaluated only based on the bottom center of the objects bounding box.
        coordinates: 545,1077,747,939,788,805

>         # Optional: Set the inertia required for an object to be considered present in the zone. Allowed values are 0 < inertia < 10 (default: shown below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Optional: Number of consecutive frames required for object to be considered present in the zone. Allowed values are 1-10 (default: shown below)
```
